hey guys this is a video on how to flash
a custom ROM on to your HTC EVO 4G and
so first you have to take the battery
out and once you get that done you you
hold the power button and the volume
down button at the same time like this
and then this result your bootloader
screen and well first I should mention I
have to put the once you download the
room that you want plug your phone into
the to your computer and then just drag
the ROM into the root of your SD card
and then do this and then to navigate
hit the power button for enter and then
this to the volume rocker to navigate
around and then all you want to do
fiddle focus go into recovery so volume
down and then powder I'm gonna be
flashing on jellybean wrong one to my
phone and if you want the ROM that I'm
flashing the link will be in the
description down there
so first I are you gonna do a let's see
first you want to do a backup and
restore which I already did a while ago
and then you want to do nandroid backup
and then you will not check everything
and then just continue with that but I
already did that so I'm gonna go to a
return and then you going on then want
to partition your SD card to what's
already did that too but to do that
let's go to partition SD card and this
deletes everything on your SD card tour
so make sure you have everything backed
up and everything backed up that you
want on your phone too cuz flashing your
arm you have to wipe everything for a
torque or so things don't go wrong so
you just go to partition SD and then
this down here and then you would go to
confirm and then there would and then
there would be a then there'd been up
two numbers you wanna use this to
navigate you want to put them at around
4 400 or a little above 400 megabytes
cuz that leaves room and your SD card
for roms to go so I'm just gonna hit
abort on this one and then so and then
you would just continue on Perdition SD
card and then you would hit return which
back here and then so flash zip from sd
card
once you've done my nandroid backup in
partitioned your SD card if you haven't
already and then you'd go to flash zip
from sd card and then do to zip from sd
card
and then you would want and then you
first you want to wipe everything so you
would go to VR super white right there
what's up putting this in the
description too you're gonna do this the
same way you're gonna flash your arm so
you just go to the I don't focus on it
go to your VR super wipe and then just
hit the power button and then hit
continue so then it will delete
everything and then this will take a few
this will take a minute or two so I'll
be back once
okay so install from sd card complete so
it deleted everything you see the big
long
I know deleted stuff it deletes
everything three times on the system so
it's when you faster arm is just fresh
and there's a less chance of anything
going wrong so once you do the VR super
wipe go back to choose zip from sd card
like this and then go to whatever
borromeo put on which is should get like
the bottom and mine is the team dirt CNA
JB which is the jellybean ROM that I
wanted to see so what you do so do you
so what you do is when you find the ROM
that you want or that you want to flash
just hit um do that hit that and then it
says mine and then it says press power
key to confirm and then you press the
power of key again and then it will
install see there it is mine is team
dirt presence unofficial jellybean so
that's how you flash custom ROM then
once this once your arm is done going
then you just hit return and reboot
system now so that's it so now you know
how to flash custom ROM if if you will
um want this custom around like I said
it will be in the description and I will
be doing a review in this room so stay
tuned subscribe without and see you in
the next video